New Zealand in West Indies Test Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/730259.html
Sri Lanka in England Test Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/667885.html
Pataudi Trophy
http://www.espncricinfo.com/england-v-india-2014/engine/series/667697.html
South Africa in Sri Lanka Test Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/730075.html
Pakistan in Sri Lanka Test Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/745149.html
South Africa in Zimbabwe Test Match
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/736431.html
Bangladesh in West Indies Test Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/730275.html
Asian Cricket Council Premier League
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/736495.html
Sri Lanka in Ireland ODI Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/706765.html
England in Scotland ODI Match
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/684675.html
Sri Lanka in England ODI Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/667883.html
India in Bangladesh ODI Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/743889.html
South Africa in Sri Lanka ODI Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/730073.html
Afghanistan in Zimbabwe ODI Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/756019.html
South Africa in Zimbabwe ODI Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/736433.html
Bangladesh in West Indies ODI Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/730267.html
India in England ODI Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/england-v-india-2014/engine/series/667699.html
Pakistan in Sri Lanka ODI Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/745151.html
Zimbabwe Triangular Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/zimbabwe-triangular-series-2014/engine/series/736429.html
Scotland in Ireland ODI Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/727933.html
Sri Lanka in England T20I Match
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/667881.html
New Zealand in West Indies T20I Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/730261.html
Bangladesh in West Indies T20I Match
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/730271.html
India in England T20I Match
http://www.espncricinfo.com/england-v-india-2014/engine/series/667703.html
Champion County Match
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/691681.html
Marylebone Cricket Club University Matches
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/691679.html
LV= County Championship Division One
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/691689.html
LV= County Championship Division Two
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/691691.html
University Match
http://www.espncricinfo.com/county-cricket-2014/engine/series/715331.html
India A in Australia unofficial Test Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/735761.html
Afghanistan in Zimbabwe unofficial Test Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/759263.html
South Africa A in Australia unofficial Test Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/735763.html
Quadrangular A-Team One-Day Series (Australia)
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/735773.html
Sri Lanka A in Ireland unofficial ODI Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/763421.html
Royal London One-Day Cup
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/691687.html
England A Team Tri-Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/708671.html
Pepsi Indian Premier League
http://www.espncricinfo.com/indian-premier-league-2014/engine/series/695871.html
NatWest t20 Blast
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/691693.html
UltraTech Cement Super 4's Twenty20 Tournament
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/747843.html
Caribbean Premier League
http://www.espncricinfo.com/caribbean-premier-league-2014/engine/series/734487.html
Taqreebat-e-Azadi T-20 Tournament
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/766949.html
India Women in England Test Match
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/722371.html
ICC Women's Championship
http://www.espncricinfo.com/icc-womens-championship-2014-16/engine/series/772563.html
India Women in England ODI Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/691697.html
Pakistan Women in Australia ODI Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/754771.html
Pakistan Women in Australia T20I Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/754775.html
South Africa Women in England T20I Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/722375.html
Ireland Women v South Africa Women T20I Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/765967.html
Other Matches
http://www.espncricinfo.com/county-cricket-2014/engine/series/713649.html
Second Eleven Championship
http://www.espncricinfo.com/county-cricket-2014/engine/series/715725.html
Unicorns Championship
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/700823.html
Saudara Cup
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/774361.html
Second Eleven Trophy
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/715727.html
Unicorns Knockout Trophy
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/700825.html
North Sea Pro 50 Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/742071.html
Super 3s
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/743639.html
SLC Women's Inter-Provincial Limited Over Tournament
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/747867.html
Asian Cricket Council Elite League
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/746075.html
Varsity One-Day Match
http://www.espncricinfo.com/county-cricket-2014/engine/series/715329.html
ICC World Cricket League Division Four
http://www.espncricinfo.com/wcldiv4-2014/engine/series/749537.html
MCC Bicentenary Celebration Match
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/757771.html
Sri Lanka Women's Cricket Limited Over Tournament
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/758717.html
West Indies Cricket Board Regional Women's Championship
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/767011.html
Momentum eKasi Challenge
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/771959.html
Red Bull Campus Cricket National Finals (Pakistan)
http://www.espncricinfo.com/red-bull-campus-cricket-pakistan-2014/engine/series/733943.html
Red Bull Campus Cricket National Finals (South Africa)
http://www.espncricinfo.com/red-bull-campus-cricket-south-africa-2014/engine/series/735523.html
North Sea Pro 20 Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/742069.html
Second Eleven Twenty20
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/715735.html
Super 3s Twenty20
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/743637.html
Varsity Twenty20 Match
http://www.espncricinfo.com/county-cricket-2014/engine/series/715327.html
Varsity Women's Twenty20 Match
http://www.espncricinfo.com/county-cricket-2014/engine/series/746915.html
Red Bull Campus Cricket World Finals
http://www.espncricinfo.com/red-bull-campus-cricket-finals-2014/engine/series/758207.html
ICC Europe Women's T20 Qualifier
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/774307.html
USA Cricket Association T20 National Championship
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/769127.html
Singapore Cricket Club T20 Tournament
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/769441.html
Shpageeza T20 Tournament
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/776187.html
South Africa Under-19s in England Youth Test Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/691703.html
South Africa Under-19s in England Youth ODI Series
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/691701.html
Scotland A tour of England
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/740727.html
Sri Lanka tour of England and Ireland
http://www.espncricinfo.com/england-v-sri-lanka-2014/engine/series/667875.html
Bangladesh A tour of West Indies
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/743409.html
New Zealand tour of West Indies
http://www.espncricinfo.com/west-indies-v-new-zealand-2014/engine/series/730257.html
Australian Universities tour of England
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/858971.html
India tour of Bangladesh
http://www.espncricinfo.com/bangladesh-v-india-2014/engine/series/743887.html
India tour of England
http://www.espncricinfo.com/england-v-india-2014/engine/series/667693.html
Netherlands tour of Scotland
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/734613.html
South Africa tour of Sri Lanka
http://www.espncricinfo.com/sri-lanka-v-south-africa-2014/engine/series/730067.html
Rest of the World XI tour of England
http://www.espncricinfo.com/county-cricket-2014/engine/series/713651.html
India A tour of Australia
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/735759.html
Afghanistan tour of Zimbabwe
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/756017.html
Sri Lanka A tour of England and Ireland
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/708673.html
South Africa A tour of Australia
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/735767.html
New Zealand A tour of England and Scotland
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/708677.html
South Africa Under-19s tour of England
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/691699.html
Pakistan tour of Sri Lanka
http://www.espncricinfo.com/sri-lanka-v-pakistan-2014/engine/series/745147.html
India Women tour of England
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/691695.html
South Africa tour of Zimbabwe
http://www.espncricinfo.com/zimbabwe-v-south-africa-2014/engine/series/736425.html
Ireland Women tour of England
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/765965.html
Bangladesh tour of West Indies
http://www.espncricinfo.com/west-indies-v-bangladesh-2014/engine/series/730263.html
Pakistan Women tour of Australia
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/754769.html
South Africa Women tour of England
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/722373.html
Scotland tour of Ireland
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/727931.html
Durham tour of United Arab Emirates
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/691683.html
Marylebone Cricket Club tour of United Arab Emirates
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/691685.html
Kolkata Knight Riders tour of United Arab Emirates
http://www.espncricinfo.com/indian-premier-league-2014/engine/series/734075.html
Mumbai Indians tour of United Arab Emirates
http://www.espncricinfo.com/indian-premier-league-2014/engine/series/734073.html
Chennai Super Kings tour of United Arab Emirates
http://www.espncricinfo.com/indian-premier-league-2014/engine/series/734081.html
Delhi Daredevils tour of United Arab Emirates
http://www.espncricinfo.com/indian-premier-league-2014/engine/series/734079.html
Kings XI Punjab tour of United Arab Emirates
http://www.espncricinfo.com/indian-premier-league-2014/engine/series/734083.html
Rajasthan Royals tour of United Arab Emirates
http://www.espncricinfo.com/indian-premier-league-2014/engine/series/734087.html
Royal Challengers Bangalore tour of United Arab Emirates
http://www.espncricinfo.com/indian-premier-league-2014/engine/series/734077.html
Sunrisers Hyderabad tour of United Arab Emirates
http://www.espncricinfo.com/indian-premier-league-2014/engine/series/734085.html
Scotland tour of England
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/738957.html
Afghanistan tour of Malaysia
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/736531.html
Hong Kong tour of Malaysia
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/736533.html
Nepal tour of Malaysia
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/736539.html
Oman tour of Malaysia
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/736537.html
United Arab Emirates tour of Malaysia
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/736535.html
Highlanders tour of Netherlands
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/742537.html
North Holland Hurricanes tour of Scotland
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/742549.html
Reivers tour of Netherlands
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/742545.html
South Holland Seafarers tour of Scotland
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/742523.html
England tour of Scotland
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/684673.html
Rest of the World Women's XI tour of England
http://www.espncricinfo.com/county-cricket-2014/engine/series/727315.html
Bahrain tour of Singapore
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/746115.html
Bhutan tour of Singapore
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/746111.html
Kuwait tour of Singapore
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/746117.html
Maldives tour of Singapore
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/746113.html
Saudi Arabia tour of Singapore
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/746119.html
Denmark tour of Singapore
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/749579.html
Italy tour of Singapore
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/749577.html
Jersey tour of Singapore
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/749581.html
Malaysia tour of Singapore
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/749583.html
Oman tour of Singapore
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/749575.html
Assupol TUKS tour of England
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/762993.html
ICBT Campus tour of England
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/762987.html
Jamaica Inter-Collegiate Sports Assoc tour of England
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/762985.html
Karachi University tour of England
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/762991.html
Rizvi Mumbai tour of England
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/762981.html
University of Liberal Arts tour of England
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/762995.html
University of New South Wales tour of England
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/762983.html
Netherlands Women tour of England
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/774319.html
Scotland Women tour of England
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/774321.html
Cricket Club of India tour of Singapore
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/771793.html
Hong Kong Cricket Club tour of Singapore
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/771783.html
Madras Cricket Club tour of Singapore
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/771779.html
Melbourne Cricket Club tour of Singapore
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/771781.html
Rowlin Cricket Academy tour of Singapore
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/771785.html
Sinhalese Sports Club tour of Singapore
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/771787.html
Australia tour of Zimbabwe
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/736427.html
Malaysia tour of Singapore
http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/series/774367.html
